# Trickstr
Trickstr Windows tricks! Unlocks Ultimate Power Plan and Disguises it As High Performance for optimal settings for the Graphics Settings in Windows! In the Graphics Settings in Windows, Users Can Choose the Default settings... But if Advanced Users Have a GPU, and have activated the Ultimate Power Plan for powercfg as their current power plan, this program, will trick the options for High Performance, and set the Ultimate Performance as the option for High Performance. To sum it up. after entering Ultimate Performance [Simple Google Search] powercfg set active [ID] the line of text for Ultimate Performance, when active with this, it sets Ultimate Performance in place of High Performance, so gamers can get the best. The setting will still say High Performance, and will still not show Ultimate Performance, but behind the scenes, with this, the Ultimate Performance is the High Performance option. Enjoy! Note: When Trying New Programs Make Sure To Do So With A venv, suggestion pyenv [Youtube Tutorials] for even more saftey when running scripts from github, or any source, use a vm, virtual environment, before applying to your system. [Google Search VM] Suggested VM Oracle. That will get you 100% containment on testing programs before running them instead of trusting any source. Alternative, usb a copy of Windows in case of any mishaps. Most of you already know lol I would assume. Program is made by me, xxxnightvoidxxx. Also check out G.A.L!! in the repositories. It will save you so much time doing maintanance on a windows os.
